Resolve syncing conflicts from repo_sync_working_branch to live (#2621)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/managed-metadata.md

  
Terms sets can have different scope, depending on where you create the term set.
  

> - **Local term sets** are created within the context of a site collection, and are available for use (and visible) only to users of that site collection. For example, when you create a term set for a metadata column in a list or library, then the term set is local. It is available only in the site collection that contains this list or library. For example, a media library might have a metadata column that shows the kind of media (diagram, photograph, screenshot, video, etc.). The list of permitted terms is relevant only to this library, and available for use in the library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Local term sets** are created within the context of a site collection, and are available for use (and visible) only to users of that site collection. For example, when you create a term set for a metadata column in a list or library, then the term set is local. It is available only in the site collection that contains this list or library. For example, a media library might have a metadata column that shows the kind of media (such as diagram, photograph, screenshot, and video). The list of permitted terms is relevant only to this library, and available for use in the library. 
```
